README.md, before:

# Penguin 2.2.0 Dark

A minimalistic dark theme for [Ghost](https://ghost.org/). Based only on html and css to make it as lightweight as possible with the exception of [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) for any code blocks.

The main idea for the menu is to use tags as the links as well as for static pages or external urls.

Updated to support Ghost 1.0+

Min Ghost version supported is 1.2.0!

## Installation

1. [Download theme](https://github.com/andreborud/penguin-theme-dark/archive/master.zip).
2. Edit `partials/about.hbs` to add your own description of your blog.
3. Edit `partials/social.hbs` to set your links to other places to follow you.
4. Upload the theme as described in the [Ghost Documentation](https://help.ghost.org/hc/en-us/articles/223241628-Uploading-Themes).
5. Upload a logo for your blog in the Ghost general Admin area.
6. Add a menu based on tags or static pages.
7. Activate the theme
8. Done!

## More modifications
Penguin Dark comes with [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) v9.9.0 for the code blocks and includes support for languages: HTTP, HTML, CSS, GO, Javascript, Bash, PHP, JSON, Markdown, Java & Nginx. To add more go to their website and download a version that fits you.

This theme support subscriptions in Ghost so make sure to enable that in the labs section if you find it interesting.

## License
Copyright (c) 2017 André Borud

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

added support for ghost 2+ and moved content of social links and landing
page content to static pages

README.md, after:

# Penguin 2.2.0 Dark

A minimalistic dark theme for [Ghost](https://ghost.org/). Based only on html and css to make it as lightweight as possible with the exception of [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) for any code blocks.

The main idea for the menu is to use tags as the links as well as for static pages or external urls.

Updated to support Ghost 2.0+

Min Ghost version supported is 2.0.0!

## Installation

1. [Download theme](https://github.com/andreborud/penguin-theme-dark/archive/master.zip).
2. Create a page and change the url to `landing` and put your landing page content here. 
2. Create a page and change the url to `social` and put your link to social media here. 
4. Upload the theme as described in the [Ghost Documentation](https://help.ghost.org/hc/en-us/articles/223241628-Uploading-Themes).
5. Upload a logo for your blog in the Ghost general Admin area.
6. Add a menu based on tags or static pages.
7. Activate the theme
8. Done!

## More modifications
Penguin Dark comes with [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) v9.9.0 for the code blocks and includes support for languages: HTTP, HTML, CSS, GO, Javascript, Bash, PHP, JSON, Markdown, Java & Nginx. To add more go to their website and download a version that fits you.

This theme support subscriptions in Ghost so make sure to enable that in the labs section if you find it interesting.

## License
Copyright (c) 2017 André Borud

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
